The first step we need to accomplish is to create a table in
DynamoDB that we can use to store data.
In our case,
we'll be creating two tables to store the data for hamsters and races.
In the scripts/module_05 folder, open the create‑dynamo‑table.js file.
Looking through this file,
you can see on lines 9 and 10 that we'll be using the same createTable function
twice to create a hamsters and a races table in DynamoDB.
Both tables should have the same key schema,
which is why we're able to do both operations so simply like this.
So let's begin by updating the region on line 4.
Then on line 7, we need our SDK object.
In this case, declare a const variable named dynamo.
The SDK library we'll be using is DynamoDB,
so assign to that variable a new AWS.DynamoDB constructor call.
On line 14, we'll create our params const object.
The params used to create a Dynamo table take into
consideration the schema and keys of the table,
as well as the performance attributes of that table.
We'll start with the first property called TableName and give it
the value of the tableName function argument.
A quick note here, table names do need to be unique in
each region at the account level.
If you use different regions, you can reuse a table name.
The next property is AttributeDefinitions with the value of an array.
These AttributeDefinitions aren't to define the whole
table schema or anything; they're only to define the
attributes we'll be using as our key.
Inside the array, create an object.
The first property here is AttributeName,
which we'll give a string with the value id.
The next property is AttributeType.
Here we've got three options, S for string, N for number, or B for binary.
In our case, our IDs will be numbers,
so enter a string with the value of an uppercase N here.
That's the only attribute we need to define.
After AttributeDefinitions, add the property KeySchema.
This will also be given the value of an array.
Here is where we define our table keys based on the attributes we defined.
Inside the array, add an object.
The first property here will be AttributeName, which will be the string, id.
This needs to match the attribute name defined in our AttributeDefinitions.
The next property is KeyType, which we'll enter as HASH.
Now after the KeySchema property, we'll add the last property,
ProvisionedThroughput, which is an object.
Add the property ReadCapacityUnits with the value of 5,
then the property WriteCapacityUnits, also with the value of 5,
and those are all the params needed to create our table.
Come down to line 35 and call the dynamo.createTable function,
passing in params as the first argument and a callback with
err and data arguments as the second.
Inside that function, if there's an err object,
then call reject, passing in the err argument; otherwise,
call resolve with the data argument.
Now our script is complete.
So switch over to your command line and make sure you're
in the scripts/module_05 directory.
Then execute the command node create‑dynamo‑table.js.
When it's complete,
you should get some output on the second table that was created.
The tables will take a few minutes to be created in DynamoDB,
but then we'll be able to use them.
In the next clip, we're going to populate our table with some data that our demo project will use.